lxc-console
     Name
     lxc-console — Launch a console for the speciﬁed container


     Synopsis
     lxc-console -n name [-t ttynum]



     Description

     If the tty service has been conﬁgured and is available for the container speciﬁed as parameter, this
     command will launch a console allowing to log on the container.


     The available tty are free slots taken by this command. That means if the container has four ttys available
     and the command has been launched four times taking the different tty, the ﬁfth command will fail
     because no console will be available.


     The command will connect to a tty. If the connection is lost or broken, the command can be launched
     again and regain the tty at the state it was before the disconnection.



     Options
     -t [ttynum]

          Specify the tty number to connect, if not speciﬁed a tty number will be automatically choosen by
          the container.



     Common Options

     These options are common to most of lxc commands.

     -?, -h, --help

          Print a longer usage message than normal.

     --usage

          Give the usage message




                                                                                                              1
                                                                                                   lxc-console

-q, --quiet

     mute on

-o, --logfile=FILE

     Output to an alternate log FILE . The default is no log.

-l, --logpriority=LEVEL

     Set log priority to LEVEL. The default log priority is ERROR. Possible values are : FATAL, CRIT,
     WARN, ERROR, NOTICE, INFO, DEBUG.


     Note that this option is setting the priority of the events log in the alternate log ﬁle. It do not have
     effect on the ERROR events log on stderr.


-n, --name=NAME

     Use container identiﬁer NAME . The container identiﬁer format is an alphanumeric string.



Diagnostic
tty service denied
     No tty is available or there is not enough privilege to use the console. For example, the container
     belongs to user "foo" and "bar" is trying to open a console to it.



See Also

lxc(1), lxc-create(1), lxc-destroy(1), lxc-start(1), lxc-stop(1), lxc-execute(1), lxc-kill(1),
lxc-console(1), lxc-monitor(1), lxc-wait(1), lxc-cgroup(1), lxc-ls(1), lxc-ps(1), lxc-info(1),
lxc-freeze(1), lxc-unfreeze(1), lxc.conf(5)



Author

Daniel Lezcano <daniel.lezcano@free.fr>




                                                                                                                2
