lxc-start
      Name
      lxc-start — run an application inside a container.


      Synopsis
      lxc-start -n name [-f conﬁg_ﬁle] [-c console_ﬁle] [-d] [-s KEY=VAL] [command]



      Description

      lxc-start runs the speciﬁed command inside the container speciﬁed by name.


      It will setup the container according to the conﬁguration previously deﬁned with the lxc-create command
      or with the conﬁguration ﬁle parameter. If no conﬁguration is deﬁned, the default isolation is used.


      The orphan process group and daemon are not supported by this command, use the lxc-execute
      command instead.


      If no command is speciﬁed, lxc-start will use the default "/sbin/init" command to run a system
      container.



      Options
      -d, --daemon
            Run the container as a daemon. As the container has no more tty, if an error occurs nothing will be
            displayed, the log ﬁle can be used to check the error.

      -f, --rcfile config_file

            Specify the conﬁguration ﬁle to conﬁgure the virtualization and isolation functionalities for the
            container.


            This conﬁguration ﬁle if present will be used even if there is already a conﬁguration ﬁle present in
            the previously created container (via lxc-create).


      -c, --console console_file

            Specify a ﬁle to output the container console. If the option is not speciﬁed the output will go the
            terminal except if the -d is speciﬁed.




                                                                                                                   1
                                                                                                      lxc-start

-s, --define KEY=VAL

    Assign value VAL to conﬁguration variable KEY . This overrides any assignment done in
    config_file.



Common Options

These options are common to most of lxc commands.

-?, -h, --help

    Print a longer usage message than normal.

--usage

    Give the usage message

-q, --quiet

    mute on

-o, --logfile=FILE
    Output to an alternate log FILE . The default is no log.

-l, --logpriority=LEVEL
    Set log priority to LEVEL. The default log priority is ERROR. Possible values are : FATAL, CRIT,
    WARN, ERROR, NOTICE, INFO, DEBUG.


    Note that this option is setting the priority of the events log in the alternate log ﬁle. It do not have
    effect on the ERROR events log on stderr.


-n, --name=NAME
    Use container identiﬁer NAME . The container identiﬁer format is an alphanumeric string.



Diagnostic
The container is busy
    The speciﬁed container is already running an application. You should stop it before reuse this
    container or create a new one.




                                                                                                               2
                                                                                                 lxc-start

See Also

lxc(1), lxc-create(1), lxc-destroy(1), lxc-start(1), lxc-stop(1), lxc-execute(1), lxc-kill(1),
lxc-console(1), lxc-monitor(1), lxc-wait(1), lxc-cgroup(1), lxc-ls(1), lxc-ps(1), lxc-info(1),
lxc-freeze(1), lxc-unfreeze(1), lxc.conf(5)



Author

Daniel Lezcano <daniel.lezcano@free.fr>




                                                                                                        3
