lxc-execute
     Name
     lxc-execute — run an application inside a container.


     Synopsis
     lxc-execute -n name [-f conﬁg_ﬁle] [-s KEY=VAL ] [--] command



     Description

     lxc-execute runs the speciﬁed command inside the container speciﬁed by name.


     It will setup the container according to the conﬁguration previously deﬁned with the lxc-create command
     or with the conﬁguration ﬁle parameter. If no conﬁguration is deﬁned, the default isolation is used.


     This command is mainly used when you want to quickly launch an application in an isolated
     environment.


     lxc-execute command will run the speciﬁed command into the container via an intermediate process,
     lxc-init. This lxc-init after launching the speciﬁed command, will wait for its end and all other
     reparented processes. (that allows to support daemons in the container). In other words, in the container,
     lxc-init has the pid 1 and the ﬁrst process of the application has the pid 2.


     The above lxc-init is designed to forward received signals to the started command. So lxc-kill (1) sent
     signal is received by the user speciﬁed command (pid 2 in the container).



     Options
     -f, --rcfile config_file
          Specify the conﬁguration ﬁle to conﬁgure the virtualization and isolation functionalities for the
          container.


          This conﬁguration ﬁle if present will be used even if there is already a conﬁguration ﬁle present in
          the previously created container (via lxc-create).




                                                                                                                 1
                                                                                                    lxc-execute

-s, --define KEY=VAL

     Assign value VAL to conﬁguration variable KEY . This overrides any assignment done in
     config_file.

--
     Signal the end of options and disables further option processing. Any arguments after the -- are
     treated as arguments.


     This option is useful when you want to execute, with the command lxc-execute, a command line
     with its own options.




Common Options

These options are common to most of lxc commands.

-?, -h, --help

     Print a longer usage message than normal.

--usage

     Give the usage message

-q, --quiet

     mute on

-o, --logfile=FILE

     Output to an alternate log FILE . The default is no log.

-l, --logpriority=LEVEL
     Set log priority to LEVEL. The default log priority is ERROR. Possible values are : FATAL, CRIT,
     WARN, ERROR, NOTICE, INFO, DEBUG.


     Note that this option is setting the priority of the events log in the alternate log ﬁle. It do not have
     effect on the ERROR events log on stderr.


-n, --name=NAME

     Use container identiﬁer NAME . The container identiﬁer format is an alphanumeric string.




                                                                                                                2
                                                                                                 lxc-execute

Diagnostic
The container is busy
     The speciﬁed container is already running an application. You should stop it before reuse this
     container or create a new one.



See Also

lxc(1), lxc-create(1), lxc-destroy(1), lxc-start(1), lxc-stop(1), lxc-execute(1), lxc-kill(1),
lxc-console(1), lxc-monitor(1), lxc-wait(1), lxc-cgroup(1), lxc-ls(1), lxc-ps(1), lxc-info(1),
lxc-freeze(1), lxc-unfreeze(1), lxc.conf(5)



Author

Daniel Lezcano <daniel.lezcano@free.fr>




                                                                                                          3
