lxc-cgroup
     Name
     lxc-cgroup — manage the control group associated with a container


     Synopsis
     lxc-start -n name subsystem [value]



     Description

     lxc-cgroup get or set value from the control group associated with the container name. If no [value] is
     speciﬁed, the value of the subsystem is displayed, otherwise it is set. The lxc-cgroup does not assume
     the correctness of the subsystem name, it is up to the user to specify the right subsystem name.



     Options
     subsystem

         Specify the subsystem control group name.

     [value]

         Specify the subsystem control group value to be set.



     Common Options

     These options are common to most of lxc commands.

     -?, -h, --help

         Print a longer usage message than normal.

     --usage

         Give the usage message

     -q, --quiet

         mute on

     -o, --logfile=FILE

         Output to an alternate log FILE . The default is no log.




                                                                                                               1
                                                                                                    lxc-cgroup

-l, --logpriority=LEVEL

     Set log priority to LEVEL. The default log priority is ERROR. Possible values are : FATAL, CRIT,
     WARN, ERROR, NOTICE, INFO, DEBUG.


     Note that this option is setting the priority of the events log in the alternate log ﬁle. It do not have
     effect on the ERROR events log on stderr.


-n, --name=NAME

     Use container identiﬁer NAME . The container identiﬁer format is an alphanumeric string.



Examples
lxc-cgroup -n foo devices.list
     display the allowed devices to be used.

lxc-cgroup -n foo cpuset.cpus "0,3"
     assign the processors 0 and 3 to the container.



Diagnostic
The container was not found
     The container is not running.



See Also

lxc(1), lxc-create(1), lxc-destroy(1), lxc-start(1), lxc-stop(1), lxc-execute(1), lxc-kill(1),
lxc-console(1), lxc-monitor(1), lxc-wait(1), lxc-cgroup(1), lxc-ls(1), lxc-ps(1), lxc-info(1),
lxc-freeze(1), lxc-unfreeze(1), lxc.conf(5)



Author

Daniel Lezcano <daniel.lezcano@free.fr>




                                                                                                                2
